so all the work that Solomon had done
for the house of the Lord was finished
and Solomon brought in the things which
his father David had dedicated the
silver and the gold and all the
furnishings and he put them in the
Treasuries of the house of God
now Solomon assembled the elders of
Israel and all the heads of the tribes
the chief fathers of the children of
Israel in Jerusalem that they might
bring the Ark of the Covenant of the
Lord up from the City of David which is
Zion therefore all the men of Israel
assembled with the King at the feast
which was in the seventh month so all
the elders of Israel came and the
Levites took up the ark and they brought
up the ark the tabernacle of meeting and
all the holy furnishings that were in
the tabernacle the priests and the
Levites brought them up also King
Solomon and all the congregation of
Israel who were assembled with him
before the ark were sacrificing sheep
and oxen that could not be counted or
numbered for multitude then the priests
brought in the Ark of the Covenant of
the Lord to its place into the inner
sanctuary of the temple to the most holy
place under the wings of the cherubim
for the cherubim spread their wings over
the place of the Ark and the cherubim
overshadowed the Ark and its poles the
poles extended so that the ends of the
poles of the ark could be seen from the
holy place in front of the inner
sanctuary but they could not be seen
from outside and they are there to this
day
nothing was in the ark except the two
tablets which Moses put there at Horeb
when the Lord made a covenant with the
children of Israel when they had come
out of Egypt and it came to pass when
the priests came out of the most holy
place for all the priests who were
present had sanctified themselves
without keeping to their divisions and
that Levites whoever singers all those
of Asaph and Hema and juju 'then with
their sons and their brethren stood at
the east end of the altar clothed in
white linen having cymbals stringed
instruments and harps and with them 120
priests sounding with trumpets indeed it
came to pass when the trumpeters and
singers were as one to make one sound to
be heard in praising and thanking the
Lord and when they lifted up their voice
with the trumpets and cymbals and
instruments of music and praise the Lord
for he is good for his mercy endures
forever in the house house of the Lord
was filled with a cloud so that the
priests could not continue ministry
because of the clan for the glory of the
Lord filled the house of God
[Music]
you